Earthworm is a group of people who believes we can solve the big issues affecting people and nature today. We work in global supply chains impacting millions of people and places around the world to make the products we buy. We work on the ground, in forests, fields and factories, helping companies, farmers and communities find practical solutions together. And we know that, ultimately, trust and positive changes comes from people getting to work together, hands in the soil.


Your Role



As a Data Analyst, your primary responsibilities are to:


• Collect, clean and analyse information you receive from our clients to explain major trends and support the elaboration of recommendations guiding companies to transform their supply chains.
• Summarize data insights on the shape of reports to provide a compelling story on the impact of deforestation on our customers’ supply chains, related to various agricultural commodities (e.g. palm oil, soy, cocoa).
• Collaborate with your colleagues in Malaysia, Indonesia, Ecuador, Ghana and Switzerland to complete the reports, and provide further data analysis as needed.
• Stay on the lookout for ways to improve our internal processes and how we work together.


Your Profile



Looking for an exciting opportunity to make a difference in sustainable supply chains? Join our team as a Data Analyst! We’re on the hunt for a talented individual with a passion for data and a commitment to sustainability. If you’re ready to use your technical skills to drive impactful change, we want to hear from you!


In this role, you’ll be managing large, complex data sets, ensuring their integrity and quality while cre-ating clear and compelling reports. Your expertise in Excel, including advanced skills in macros and VBA, will be essential in automating and optimizing our data processes. Plus, your experience with tools like PowerPoint and Tableau will help you craft impactful presentations that tell a story.


We value a collaborative mindset and are looking for someone who can work independently while integrating seamlessly with our diverse, multicultural team. Your strong communication skills and diplomatic approach will help you build strong relationships and navigate difficult conversations with ease.


If you’re a curious problem-solver who thrives in a dynamic environment and is eager to contribute to our team’s success, we’d love to have you on board. Let’s work together to create a more sustainable future!


Working Conditions



Education: Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field
Experience: 2 years minimum
Language(s): English
Employment: Full-time, Fixed term (1 year, renewable)
Location: Accra, Ghana


Joining Us



If you are in search of having a meaningful impact, with a desire to innovate and act for the environment, this offer is for you! The team you would join is truly committed to and passionate about finding concrete solutions to improve relationship between People and Nature.

Dear Applicant,

I hope this message finds you well.

We are pleased to inform you that you have qualified for the next stage of our recruitment process. Attached, you will find an Excel file containing exercises we would like you to complete and submit by Monday, 3rd November 2025, at 11:59 p.m.

These exercises are not timed, and you are welcome to consult external resources to assist you. However, all work must be completed independently.

The purpose of this assessment is to familiarize you with the types of tasks handled by the Global Data Team and to help us better understand how your analytical approach aligns with our team’s work.

Should you qualify for the subsequent stage, we will follow up during your interview to discuss your experience completing the exercise and any challenges you may have encountered.

Have a great day.

Kind regards, 
